Add CONTRIBUTING.md file (#132)
MLH-Fellowship/SocioMark: CONTRIBUTING.md

- If you have any question regarding the issues, feel free to ask in the issue's comment section.

- ### In order to start working on the issue:
  - Create a fork of the project.
  - Clone the repo locally with `git clone https://github.com/<YOUR_USERNAME>/SocioMark.git`
  - Checkout in a new branch with `git checkout -b <YOUR_BRANCH_NAME>`
  - Make the required changes
  - Add and commit your changes with `git add <changes>` and `git commit -m "your commit message"`
  - Then push the changes into your branch `git push origin branch_name`
  - Before making a PR, make sure your copy of the project is up-to-date with the main project.
  - If forked project is up-to-date with the main project, go ahead and make the PR.
  - #### If there has been any commit since you forked the project, there might be some conflicts while making the PR. In case of any conflicts:
    - Set an upstream with `git remote add upstream https://github.com/MLH-Fellowship/SocioMark.git`
    - Checkout to main branch and `git pull upstream main`
    - Checkout to the branch you were working on
    - Rebase it with the main branch with `git rebase main`

>     - If there is any conflicts while rebasing, resolve them, and continue the rebase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If there are any conflicts while rebasing, resolve them locally, and continue the rebase
```
